So let's talk a little bit about just
how to follow along, but locally,
like as I mentioned.
We've got code sandboxes for
every step, but
I don't always trust things that
are not completely under my control.
So one of the things we have is,
we've got all the code sandboxes which
I'll show you are kind of in the appendix
listed per every step along the way.
As well as embedded in a lot of
the lessons are linked there.
But also if you want to do any of these
stuff locally as well, and we'll do some
of them like that ourselves, we've got
at repo that you can clone down here.
And so what we'll do is you can
clone it I have it already.
And any of the examples
from along the way like
the smaller things,
are kind of here as well.
And they are aligned to all the sandboxes
you can kind of see the code in
any given one of those,
you can navigate in there NPM install.
And NPM start,
to get a local environment running.
For some of the larger projects that
we might work on or some of the bases
that we might work with there
are indivdiual projects here as well.
And NPM start should get them up and
running as well.
If you want to there is like a tool
that recursively installs everything.
One of the things that I will warn you
is since there are a lot of directories.
And you might not want everything for
every one of these,
you might not be spinning up
every individual example.
So it's up to you, if you want to
recursively install all of those different
things, it's gonna start eating up some
disk space and stuff along those lines.
So I would probably if you find yourself
annoyed, or having to do it over and
over again, you can recursively stall,
maybe just in the projects.
Otherwise, you can just install the
dependencies in whatever you want to spin
up, but NPM install NPM start
should give you a local version.
Of any given code sandbox you find us
using, as well as some of the kinda
projects that will build upon,
as we write some code together as well.